are you doing Brian Superman too bad as
your car experience but so far it's been
it's been a little bit limited I've
we've been in this room the one next
door and the one next door there I'm
really looking forward to seeing what's
beyond these walls because I'm told it's
it's madness and this your time here
this is indeed my first time here I was
here I was here visually last year I had
the pleasure of interviewing work Davis
and they put it on the big screen and
told me about it
they didn't send me out here to see it
so I'm very happy to be here this year
in person you talk about like the I mean
it must be interesting to see you know
how the show is kind of the react to the
show back in England but it might be
interesting to see how the fans react to
it here like when they see it here oh
yeah we've had a very very positive
response which is you know fantastic
because it makes you feel warm and fuzzy
inside but I'm just you know I'm really
pleased that American audiences are
relating to the show and you know sort
of you know able to enjoy it and I guess
this will be a you know the testament to
how much they do enjoy so be interested
to see what the reaction is I mean at
this point in the show like you guys
still do you still kind of look into the
actual bat like the actual mythological
background and they actually history of
Arthur or is it still kind of its own
thing now I well I'm always interested
whenever you know a piece of material
comes about to read even if it's just
for my own personal you know enjoyment
of the legend and I think with my with
Arthur it's very much that we're aiming
to be towards the after that people are
aware of the King Arthur the legendary
sort of heroic you know very noble man
and so that's that's something to keep
in my head for you know the direction
I'm going in but with regards to
obviously what's happened in our story
we've we've messed it mess it around a
little bit to suit our own to suit our
own devices and you know as you say I
think fans have been able to still
relate to it despite us kind of chopping
and changing the legend
you think it will be like that will end
at a point where he's that we have the
round table and we have that thing or do
you think it might we might see that
before like the actual end of the show I
that's a very interesting question it
would be is to be interested to see what
they would do if they brought it in
earlier
what would they would suggest ie I think
when the show comes to an end what I
would like to see is after in a position
where he's able to do it now he's able
to take control and you know it would be
a stage where he doesn't necessarily
need Merlin anymore I think that's where
the show would probably come to this end
whether that be before or after the you
know the nicely round table we'll see
but some I think you know the show saw I
guess ends when after story begins
have you if you started shooting see I
know you have season five coming up in
the UK but would they just picked up for
season four for a sideline well we would
currently filming season four we've
we're about nine episodes the way
through and I'm as I keep saying I'm
most excited about this year just cuz
I've been journey it so much and I think
that will I think that will translate
into into the actual show itself I'm
really optimistic about this year yeah
yesterday as you can share about that
are in season four guest stars I will
yes what gifts are can I give you that I
won't get in trouble for I mean it's I
mean say this because I was so happy
when I saw him Gary Lewis is going to be
on the show I was over the moon when I
saw him because you know it's a
fantastic actor and you know sort of
straight away was and he's a lovely guy
as well sort of you know uber lovely
he's you know just this wonderful man
he's great to talk to so when he you
know he came on the show I was very
excited and that's something for fans to
look forward to next year someone that
you always have wanted to get on the
show that you're still kind of aiming
for like maybe the top of your wish list
that's an interesting question I'd have
to say that I haven't really
specifically got anyone in mind
to come on the show largely because
there's surprises that bring into it you
know great within themselves we've had
some fantastic guests and but you know
dare I say that I'd love to work with
many many a talented actor in the future
on other projects but as far as merlin
goes i think you know they have been
very good at bringing an interesting
people to fill the roles just drive up
what would you like to say to fans of
merlin about why they should keep tuning
in for season four and ib and why they
should keep tuning in for season four I
well I will reiterate i if season four
is anywhere near as good as the
experience I've had shooting it then
then it's going to be a great a great
year for the show and I'm very excited
about it I if it's half as good as the
the experience about it filming it then
I think we're you know we're gonna be
good set so good set is that a term in
it
today I'm I'm making up random terms
good set Bradley James trademark good
set I'm holding on to that one Sofia if
you hear me say that again I meant to
say it